[KEIICHI yawns]
[yawns]
[RENA hums]
[SATOKO]
Hmm?
Is there something wrong?
Oh no, everything's fine!
Ni‐pa!
[SATOKO]
It doesn't matter how many times
you check the calendar.
In the end,
you'll have to accept
in your heart that Hinamizawa
is where you belong.
Either that or you can
relive June 1983 forever.
[chuckles]
[RENA hums]
[RENA]
Hey, Dad?
I'm heading to school.
[RENA'S DAD grunts]
Stay safe.
[graons]
Do you feel okay?
Would you like a glass of water?
Or I could get you
some medicine.
You don't need
to worry about me.
I was out drinking in Okinomiya,
and I might have
overdone it a little bit.
[RENA] Were you
with that Rina lady again?
[chuckles]
I can't help it;
she's an enchanting woman.
While we're on the subject,
I'd really love it
if the two of you
could finally get
to know one another.
[RENA]
Oh my gosh, look at the time!
I gotta go, I don't wanna
keep my friends waiting.
[RENA'S DAD]
Of course.
[gasps]
Yay, you're here!
Good morning, Keiichi!
You don't always have
to get here so early.
It's okay to
sleep in now and then.
Ah. They're here.
Hey! Get a move on!
[KEIICHI] Like you don't
make people wait for you
all the time!
[RENA]
Hey, Mion!
Sorry we took so long!
[MION]
Mornin', Rena.
It seems like today's trap
is really elaborate, huh?
Why, not at all.
This is par for the course!
Layering traps upon traps to
guarantee my prey is ensnared.
That's exactly what the art
of trap‐setting is all about!
Clap, clap.
You're so dedicated
to your craft, Satoko!
He's here. Stay quiet!
[KEIICHI] So, you're gonna
put my skills to the test, huh?
[RENA]
What skills? I don't get it.
[KEIICHI]
It must have been her.
Stay back!
[RENA]
Huh? By "her" you mean.
[KEIICHI]
Look!
You're not even
trying to hide it.
Satoko Hojo!
[KEIICHI]
Hmph!
Heh.
Poor, pitiful Keiichi's day
is off to a rough start!
[SATOKO chuckles]
[KEIICHI]
Satoko!
[RENA] Thank you for
hanging out with me, today.
Did you have fun?
[KEIICHI]
Yeah, it was great!
I'm kinda bummed
we're all going home now.
Well, if you don't mind,
could we make a
quick stop, could we?
Sure, but where?
[RENA exhales] What are we gonna
find? What are we gonna find?
So, you wanted to come
play on a pile of trash?
It's not trash!
To me it's a big
mountain of lost treasure!
Oh my gosh.
I hope I find something cute;
my heart is going
all pitter‐pattery!
[KEIICHI]
Hey, wait a sec!
[RENA] It's okay, Keiichi.
You can just wait there!
[KEIICHI]
Come on.
Cute things, come out.
Cute things, come out!
Ah!
Awoo!
There's a Kenta‐kun in here!
Except, how do I get him out?
Hey, Keiichi!
Sorry to keep
you waiting up there.
I'm ready to go
whenever you are!
Tomitake's here?
Didn't you think
that Kenta‐kun was cute?
Keiichi?
Are you okay?
[KEIICHI]
Huh? Oh, I'm fine.
I wanted to get him
back to your place,
so I'm disappointed.
Me too.
If I'd come with you,
then maybe I could've
grabbed him by the arm
and yanked him outta
that trash heap!
You can't do that!
If you pulled that hard,
you would've ripped
his arm straight off!
[gasps]
Yeah, true.
Having both arms
makes him cuter.
He'd look sad with just one.
A‐Anyway, I made you a promise.
I'm gonna go back
to the dump with you
and help you get him home!
Awoo! Thank you!
I'm so glad you and I get to
take Kenta‐kun home together!
Awoo!
[KEIICHI]
All right, see ya.
[RENA] Mm‐hmm!
See you tomorrow, Keiichi!
I'm home.
Huh? Oh.
Hope your day went well.
Hey, hold on.
Are you really
heading out this late?
She called me up
on short notice,
but I didn't wanna
leave her hanging.
I'll try to get home at a more
reasonable hour tonight.
You're going to see that woman.
Huh? Did you just say something?
[RENA]
Nuh‐uh.
Be careful. It's dark out.
Oh, I will.
Don't you worry about me.
I'll be back in
a little while, Reina.
Have fun, Dad. See ya.
[RENA] I shouldn't let
myself get like this.
That was why I took
the "I" out of my name.
So I could leave all
the ickiness behind me
and go on living as Rena.
[RENA]
Hmm?
Huh?
[SATOKO chortles]
It's over!
You know you can never beat me
in a footrace, don't you?
[RIKA] Maybe not,
but a scavenger hunt
is much different!
I may be behind,
but I'm not out of it yet!
If you say so.
But, in any case,
there are no hard
feelings allowed!
I'll just have
to do my best, then!
[RENA]
Mi was in charge of hiding it,
so she probably put it someplace
Keiichi wouldn't
even know about.
[gasps]
Rena?
Keiichi.
Rika!
Great minds think alike,
and that's how I knew exactly
where you would be, Satoko!
Ni‐pa!
Meaning we're heading
for the same objective,
which would make this
a footrace, would it not?
I'm afraid that your
ni‐pas will do you no good.
Excuse me!
[RIKA]
Beg your pardon!
I don't think so!
[crashing sounds]
[laughs]
That sound means
the game is over.
[SATOKO] You were up
against my traps, after all.
And there's no shame in
losing to the best, right?
[chortles]
Satoko. Don't be a sore winner.
It doesn't bother me at all.
That's just how it is
when you lose the game!
I even got you a present
to celebrate your victory!
I knew you would
understand, Rika!
Congratulations, Satoko!
Ni‐pa!
[SATOKO] Wha‐‐? I don't
even know what happened!
Look in a mirror.
You'll see.
Ah! There's ink on me!
I wanted to bring
a secret weapon
so I would have a good way
to counter all of your traps.
Ni‐pa!
It's fine. There's
no shame in losing to Rika.
Rena?
Sorry, I didn't realize
how tired I was getting.
Too much fun, I guess.
Are you okay?
[RENA]
Mm‐hmm.
I'll stop by the nurse's
office, but Kenta‐kun...
No need to worry about that,
we'll go deal with him
whenever you're feeling better.
And I suppose I'd better
go wash my face.
I'd be mortified if anyone
were to see me like this
out in public
That's two gone.
I guess we're done here.
[SATOKO]
I'm sorry, Rena.
I didn't want this for you,
but Rika, in her ignorance,
left me no other choice.
I promise you, in the end,
I'll create a Hinamizawa for
you where you can be happy.
Where we live carefree
and our lives are full
of smiles and laughter.
But getting there will hurt.
Terribly, for you,
and everyone around you.
So please, forgive me.
Satoko, is that you?
[RENA]
Is somebody here?
I should get home, shouldn't I?
I'm home.
[RENA]
This is our savings.
Dad has been dipping
into the settlement money
from the divorce,
but we both swore
we wouldn't touch it
unless there was
an emergency, so why?
Why?
[RENA]
Ahh!
[RENA'S MOM] Reina?
You remember my friend, right?
The man who had dinner with us.
What's his name?
Uh... Uncle Akihito, wasn't it?
But if I call him "Uncle,"
he'll bop me on the head!
[laughs]
Since you remember him, how do
you feel about Mister Akihito?
He's mean!
He's always teasing me
when I talk to him.
Oh, no.
That's just his way of showing
you that he likes you.
You got along so well
at the barbecue!
[RENA]
Hmmm...
Well, I guess maybe
he's okay sometimes.
Maybe.
[RENA'S MOM]
So, then, Reina,
between Dad and me,
who do you like better?
Definitely you,
'cause you take me out
and let me eat
these tasty parfaits!
And what would you want
to do if things changed,
and your father and I ended up
living in different houses?
Which one of us would you
prefer to live with?
Which one?
But why?
Because, recently,
I've been thinking of divorcing
your father and getting married
to Mister Akihito instead.
[RENA]
Why?
Why would you want
to break up with Dad?
It's wrong!
Mom, that's awful!
You're awful!
I can't believe you'd do that!
He's been working
so hard all this time
trying to take care of
everything at home
and give you the chance
to focus more on your work!
And you're leaving him for it?
I hate you!
[RENA'S MOM]
I'm sorry. It's too late.
But you haven't told Dad
about any of this yet,
and that means there's still
time to make it right!
I can't make it right.
I'm pregnant.
[LAWYER]
Then it's settled.
Keep in mind, the terms specify
that you are not allowed
to meet with or in any way
contact your ex‐wife.
And you've agreed to them.
Meaning you are now
legally bound by them.
[RENA'S DAD]
Reina?
[RENA]
Huh?
[RENA'S DAD] Do you know
the man she left me for?
Yes, I do.
He's funny and
he gives me candy.
[cries]
[RENA'S DAD gasps]
I didn't... Uh...
Reina. I didn't mean it!
[RENA] Until then, I'd always
believed that I needed
to be nice to everybody
all the time no matter what.
But then I learned.
I learned that there are
bad people in this world.
People who don't
deserve kindness.
And when you're nice to them,
it only gets you hurt.
Uncle Akihito was a bad person.
I should've shunned him.
I should've hated him!
With all I had!
I could've scared him away
and we'd still be a family!
But I didn't try hard
enough to stop him!
And now it's happening again.
I have to try harder
and stop the bad person
tearing my family apart.
Have to do something.
There has to be
something I can do.
[BARKER]
Got some lovely ladies in here
who'd love to help you
blow off some steam!
Hey, no rush,
we're open all night!
I'm gonna have to stop
you right there, little girl!
But could I? Um...
No, you couldn't, for
at least several more years,
so go on home.
Let's see. A black tea, please.
[PATRON D]
And she really did it?
[PATRON C]
I'm tellin' ya, she's a freak!
[PATRON A]
I almost felt bad!
[PATRON B]
For real?
What did I think I could do,
coming here by myself?
[HOSTESS]
You really wanna walk away
from your best customer, Rina?
[RINA] What's the difference
if he's passed out drunk?
Better to let him sleep.
But I did load up his tab
with expensive drinks.
And when he wakes up,
he'll close out and stumble back
to the village, as usual.
[HOSTESS laughs] You've
seriously got this rube
shellin' out for drinks
you don't even want.
Unbelievable.
[RINA]
Yeah, believe it.
Turns out his ex‐wife dropped
him a boatload of cash
in exchange for a clean break
and he's been dying for
a woman to spend it all on.
[HOSTESS] So, you went out and
hooked yourself a whale, huh?
If you told him
you needed all of it
to pay your ex to go away,
you think he'd go for it?
Yeah, probably.
]gasps]
[HOSTESS laughs] Your new boy
sounds like a fun one!
I was half joking,
but if you know a guy
who'd wanna play the part.
Ooh.
Well, that was
a sad‐sounding sigh
for a woman with a
bottomless bank account.
The only thing is,
this guy's still got his teenage
daughter living with him.
[HOSTESS]
Hmm? What about it?
I'm from a single‐parent
home, you know?
It's tough.
I don't need to
make it harder, right?
[HOSTESS]
Hmm? That's not like you.
Then how about, "I wanna
pull out before this loser
and his baggage
start dragging me down"?
[RENA]
I have to try harder this time.
I have to do something.
It can't happen again.
I have to try harder.
I have to try harder!
[RIKA] Next time:
Oniakashi‐hen, Part Two.